The Morgana code lays its foundations in the Ph.d. activity of the author where became apparent that to solve a complex problem, as was the evolution of a sedimentary basin on geological timescales, a mix of very different numerical techniques such as the level set, finite volumes, finite elements and mesh regularization techniques needed to be used. All these techniques are seldom considerer all together in standard free software and this was the main drive to develop a new platform that can, in principle, support all these techniques and other ones in order to tackle new physical problems.
The Morgana code was developed from the scratch using the distributed memory paradigm, also known as message passing interface (MPI). We acknowledge that other parallel paradigms, such as the shared memory one and graphical processing units (GPU), exist and can be combined to obtain very efficient codes but, given the coding effort and the small development resources, MPI has been identified as the best compromise.
Morgana then evolved and by now it is mainly used to study plasma discharges at atmospheric pressure and their interactions with solid walls in the field of aging of polymeric materials. However most of the various packages are quite general and can be used for a number of applications. The code is designed to be extended with many features already planned from the scratch but, sometimes, not yet coded.

See https://www.researchgate.net/project/Morgana-https-githubcom-feof81-morganaPublic for updates.
